---
id: "aspose-words-for-python-via-dotnet-26-4-release-notes"
slug: "aspose-words-for-python-via-dotnet-26-4-release-notes"
linktitle: "Aspose.Words for Python via .NET 26.4 Release Notes"
title: "Aspose.Words for Python via .NET 26.4 Release Notes"
weight: 55
description: "Aspose.Words for Python via .NET 26.4 Release Notes – the latest updates and fixes."
type: "repository"
layout: "release"
hideChildren: false
toc: false
family_listing_page_title: "Aspose.Words for Python via .NET 26.4 Release Notes"
menuItemWithNoContent: false
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes for [Aspose.Words for Python via .NET 26.4](https://pypi.org/project/aspose-words/26.4.0/).


{{% /alert %}}


{{% alert color="primary" %}}

A comprehensive description of all methods and properties, along with code examples, is available on the [API reference pages](https://reference.aspose.com/words/python-net/).

{{% /alert %}}

## Major Features

There are 55 improvements and fixes in this regular monthly release. The most notable are:

- **PDF Export:** Improved the PDF logical structure by exporting node custom IDs to custom attributes.
- **Charts:** Added support for rendering [data labels](https://reference.aspose.com/words/python-net/aspose.words.drawing.charts/chartdatalabelcollection/) within funnel charts.
- **Charts:** Added support for applying chart style settings to leader line rendering.
- **Charts:** Added support for locale IDs when rendering default axis titles in DrawingML charts.

## Full List of Issues Covering all Changes in this Release

<details>
<summary>Expand to view the full list of issues.</summary>

1. Consider providing detailed information about the errors upon building reports
2. Rendering of data labels for Funnel charts
3. Preserve Node.CustomNodeId in PDF document logical structure
4. Bookmark end position is changed after comparing documents
5. Aspose.Words hangs upon loading DOCX document
6. Content shifted to the next page due to incorrect calculation of section top and bottom margin
7. LINQ Reporting Engine throws an exception when accessing an outer lambda parameter in a nested lambda function
8. Remove AI hallucination on "Memory Requirements" page
9. Discrepancy in word count
10. Import output from AW in MsoHtml lists differs from MS Word's result
11. Import of MsoHtml lists differs from MS Word's result
12. InvalidOperationException is thrown upon iterating Revisions 
13. Color of the leader lines is changed after converting to PDF
14. Import of MsoHtml lists differs from MS Word's result
15. InvalidOperationException is thrown upon comparing documents
16. StackOverflowException is thrown upon saving document
17. Import of MsoHtml lists differs from MS Word's result
18. Text position is incorrect after rendering SVG
19. Aspose.Words hangs upon updating fields
20. Line spacing is incorrect after rendering
21. Comment range is lost after comparing documents
22. Image cropping is lost when HtmlSaveOptions.ScaleImageToShapeSize is used
23. unexpected behavior of CompareOptions.IgnoreTables
24. SVG gradient in 'objectBoundingBox' coordinates has incorrect angle upon rendering
25. Paragraph break are handled improperly upon importing PDF
26. Import of MsoHtml lists differs from MS Word's result
27. CheckBox form fields are lost after loading ODT
28. Tab stops of list items are collapsed incorrectly upon loading from MsoHtml
29. Can not access ParentNode for a style revision upon conversion to ODT and OTT
30. InvalidOperationException is thrown upon rendering document with .ShowInBalloons.FormatAndDelete
31. Text orientation in table is not being displayed correctly when converting DOCX to HTML
32. Part of text is missed after rendering
33. Aspose.Words hangs upon rendering document
34. Textbox contents disappear after converting to DOC
35. Incorrect name of the default axis title on Korean, German, Portugal, Italian and Spain culture
36. Form fields are lost after converting ODT
37. The document round trip causes losing borders
38. Aspose.Words hangs upon rendering document
39. Expand textboxes generated by PDF reader to XLSX cells
40. PieChart DataLabels Chart to Image issue
41. Line breaks are lost after conversion from PDF to HTML
42. Paragraphs are not imported from PDF
43. Pie Chart Data labels overlaps upon rendering
44. RTF to Pdf conversion issue with INDEX field rendering
45. Image is rendered as red cross
46. Mobiliar-Iconfont is rendered improperly
47. Myriad font loses bold style
48. TOC field is broken after executing mail merge with MailMergeCleanupOptions.RemoveStaticFields
49. Aspose.Words hangs upon updating fields in the document.
50. NullReferenceException is thrown upon building report
51. Regression: DOCX to PDF: Horizontal line is not rendered on Mac Preview App
52. InvalidOperationException is thrown upon building report if template contains field surrounded with '<' or '>'
53. InvalidOperationException is thrown upon creating JsonDataSource with large integer
54. DOCX to PDF: 100% CPU usage


</details>

## Public API and Backward Incompatible Changes

This section lists public API changes that were introduced in Aspose.Words for Python via .NET 26.4. It includes not only new and obsoleted public methods, but also a description of any changes in the behavior behind the scenes in Aspose.Words for Python via .NET which may affect existing code. Any behavior introduced that could be seen as regression and modifies the existing behavior is especially important and is documented here.
